a subject matter introduction. Every single question is auto generated. I have both options. I can chat or I can actually speak. Hey, I am doing good. Thanks. Right? And you will see a real real fast transcribing that we have done and we can do this multilingual also. As you see, every single question is auto generated. The system actually adapts based on the candidate's answer. The follow-up questions are auto generated. I will show you certain tools. But what we have done instead of just doing a first level text that I think the filter is capable of doing, we have combined how a first-round interviewer would look at based on the job description, identify his pose into detail and flat 15 max 12 to 15 minute interview where depending on either you can do voice typing or just cat your interviews, the whole screen is getting recorded. Some amount of proctoring is already there. At the end of this, this question will come back and you will see, oh, by the time I was sleeping and coming back to office, so many candidates have applied. System has auto qualified them so many of them. How many of them have completed interviews already? What is their ranking? What is their score? And the best part is, a lot of time I am sure you would look at interviews to actually give you detailed explanation of why are you selecting or rejecting a candidate. But in this case, an entire detailed summary is generated by a general team. And it gives to strengths and witness and the fitment with the entire log of the interviewer. That's an over of it before I talk about anything else. Any quick question that comes to your mind and you can try to do it. Sure. Yes. So let's say you want to create a new job. It's a set of six steps. Yeah. Sure. So we are, we have our own open APIs and we are able to integrate with whether you use success factor, whether you use Oracle or Darwin box. Any of these HRMS platforms that you do greenhouse, we are able to integrate with any of those. Let me troll you. It's specific to that particular role. What happens a lot of time and then you would have seen this. There is a back and forth between the recruiter and the hiring manager itself. What hiring managers give and a lot of time is spent by the recruiter going and looking in the market and coming back and they get rejected by hiring manager only to figure out no, no, no, this does not match to my expectation. And that's not even covered in the job descriptions. So a lot of time is spent on that. Instead, if you make this very role specific, what exactly are you looking for? What is crucial? Because I can give 10 skills as a hiring manager. But tell me the two or three things that are very crucial for this specific role. That's why these questions are saying in this role. What is crucial in this role? What exactly will they be doing in this role in next few months, right? Within the first six months. Sure. Yes. Right. I'm sure. Sure. Yes. Right. Sure. Right. Sure. Fantastic. Sure. Sure. Sure. Like I said, this is absolutely optional. You don't even need to fill this. If your job descriptions are actually ideal, our experience shows a lot of job descriptions are not ideal. So that's why it is completely optional. Absolutely. Why don't we do a quick one here? Let me get this created. Let's say you're looking for a product engineer. We will recommend the right skills for a product engineer. You can actually add or delete because you have the contextual understanding of what you're looking for. Let's say I'll go ahead with this and you can actually suggest, do you want a long-form job description or you're looking at a shortage of description? How do you want to sound it? Because if you're a services company versus a product role versus a let's a consulting role, you may want a different tone to be used. You have all that flexibility with you and the system, like you said, responsibility, summary, exact role and a basic educational experience, like you exactly said, is also covered. What are you doing this role? What are the skills that we're looking for? What are the responsibilities that will be required for this role? All of that is covered along with a basic qualification, which is auto-generated within few seconds and you can always edit this further. If you have already provided your about us or the LinkedIn URL while setting up the account, our system automatically fetches about us and will embed that in. So that it becomes a complete job description that you can just copy and use it anywhere apart from just using on our platform. Yeah, so if your JDs are well-defined and you have used our generative AI to create those, you don't need to fill this up again. What we have seen, there are gaps many a times and that's why we kept it optional. Only when if you feel my JDs are generally not well planned, we have got it done just created by referring some others. It is better to do this for what exactly you're looking for in this role. It's completely optional. If your JDs are well-defined, you see that working out well, you don't need to be in look at it. You can just skip this. You can straight away jump saying, okay, let's go to assessment, right? Show me what question the system is suggesting to do. You want to increase your number of questions. Let's say I'm saying based on this product manager, product engineer role, I want to ask more functional questions. You can do that. Absolutely. And system will recreate those questions. Well, that could be your pre-screening questions, which is where you actually can ask them, what's your current CTC, what is your expected CTC, and you have an option. For example, let's say I'll go ahead and just put a question, right? What is your expected CTC? And you have option to put that in saying, okay, 10 lakh, more than 10 lakh. I'm just leaving it here for now. More than 20 lakh, you can make this question mandatory. And you can actually suggest that this is my ideal option. If you actually select that and the candidate selects a 20 lakh, there's no rejection, but system will indicate that this person is not qualified for you, right? So that you save time. No. So if you have a common set of questions, we can make it a reconfigurable, so that automatically the organization specific questions will come. For example, when we work with Aditya Tbilah Capital, they have a standard set of questions. Is there anyone in the company that you already have worked with? Have you worked with us before? So automatically those questions can be reflected. So like I said, right, the intention with which it has been created is I don't want to spend too much time. Here is my JD, here is my requirement, here is the candidate. Can you do the matchmaking for me? Right? Lovely. So now what do I see once once a job is done? Like I showed you, right? Obviously you have a complete dashboard to say, what's my overall talent pool? How many resumes do have I passed? How many interviews am I doing? Multiple ways. One, inbound, second outbound. What do I mean by inbound? You can actually take the job link and for example, let's go to LinkedIn. You have your own job posts that are available. You see, when you create a job, you have options to integrate. You integrate actually directly that link that is available. So anybody that sees and job open and they apply automatically flows into our platform that is inbound. Even you can use our platform to do WhatsApp campaign for all your past talent pool and anybody who shows interest and let me show you very quickly. In India, at least in this part of the segment, what happens? WhatsApp gets a lot more attention than on SMS. So what happens? A completely personalized custom with your logo, completely with a message that, hey, we are reaching out to you for a new role. You can read our job description. If you're interested, the moment the candidate says after reading the job description, I'm interested. It instantly starts saying fantastic. We would like to get you closer to your role faster. Here is an interview link. Can you get started? Or here is a screening link? Can you get started? Right? So outbound, I can do multiple ways. One, from my own talent pool, you have been sitting on a lot of resumes that becomes difficult to use. We can find the right match and reach out to them proactively. Or you have multiple ways. You can drag and drop resumes. You can use our template to upload thousands of candidate details at one go. Or like I said, you can share the link. Both inbound and outbound options are available. Right? And every single candidate when you add, you have option to first see their JD match score. How qualified, how are they matching with respect to your requirement based on the JD? But we are learning as we are seeing a lot of resumes are becoming defect resumes. So resume matching score is going higher. And that's why it is important that not just stay on looking at resume but do a knowledge check. Are they really a role fit? And here is what our data is saying. Anybody who has scored 60 and above one hour platform through the knowledge check always ends up getting selected till final round. That means you actually save a lot of time of your business and your recruiter not having candidates that drop out because they were not even a good fit. And you have all the proctoring available. You can do individual assessments or you can do overall assessments by getting into dashboards and reporting and all of that. Anything that comes to your mind that do you think if you have this assistant for your recruiter which is basically reaching out to candidates that you already have or is making candidates life easy to apply and not wait for a few more days not even 40 stars. I apply as a candidate within a minute. I start my process and optionally you can also tell them back what happened as part of the overall summary. All of this is completely customizable. You have every single template at your fingertips to edit customized for your organization. Every single message that goes out on WhatsApp email can be customized. Both options are available. If you use high GPT yes by default, high GPT is configured the email as well as WhatsApp but we also have options to integrate with your WhatsApp number or with your organization email ID. Both are possible. Oh absolutely. We have been two things that we have been focusing from the beginning. We are an ISO compliant, SOC compliant. In fact, we leverage technology to be audited, compliant and auditors. In fact, we can open our audit platforms directly to your auditors to see how our processes run and those certificates are all submitted. GDPR compliance, we take data security. If you look at the founding team and the leaders behind, we all come with matured industry understanding. So data security, reliability of the platform is topmost. In fact, from an AI point of view, if you look at, we use something called trust framework, which means if you look at, there was no field that accepts gender, that is there is no field that accepts fields that can creep in biases. So no gender, no race, no location specific requirement, it is purely focusing on is this candidate job fit based on how they are answering. And then provide flexibility for you to even reach out to past talent pool and do more proactive so make your time to hire really really fast, that is what it is focusing on. Right. So it might have happened you have reached out to 55 candidates, but there have been 20 on candidates that didn't even respond. Now what happens? We smartly identify because we also have to take care of candidate experience on behalf of your organization. I cannot keep bugging and which is what a recruiter actually emulates. If you try calling a candidate two, three times, maybe you will not call them back after four time or if they are not responding to emails, that is how the system also automatically identifies, how many emails we have sent, how many reminders has automatically gone. And if they are not responding, the system automatically flags them as not interested so that you don't keep on worrying them with too many reminders. Well, this one I am just showing you a demo system, not the actual one because I can't open up the customers platform. Sure. So you reached out or candidates applied both inbound or outbound, you have 38 candidates that reached out to you. But some of them have not responded. 29 of them have responded. That means they filled out all the details that were required. They were screened so I will find out whether they are qualified, disqualified, all of that is available. You ended up short listing some of them based on either the CTCO as a match or yes. So what we do every time a person system is already indicating qualified not qualified, you have an additional option of saying don't do interviews for everyone, just stop after screening because sometimes what may happen, you have thousands of candidates applying to you and you don't want to do interview for everyone. System allows you to stop right after screening for you to take a decision saying okay, this candidate is not qualified based on CTC but great resume score, everything else matches, I want to short list this candidate. Or even if this guy is qualified, I don't see a great JD match score, I want to reject either you take that decision or system also can take that on your behalf and auto qualify them. So both options exist. If system is auto qualifying, everybody who is qualified will automatically become short list. If you are short listing, it will tell you how many you have short list. So the moment you short list, you can send the assessment later. So you can you have complete control to say the moment a candidate applies, do the screening, stop, let me take a look at it, I will only do assessment for few or you can let the system say anybody who applies, screen them, anybody who is qualified auto short list and start the interview. Both the flexible options are available with you. Yes. The pre pre pre interview questions, yes the mandatory questions that you had said. So, sure, yeah, right, that works like the screening process exactly. Okay. Autonomous, please. Yes. So what happens after this, like I said, we help you fast enough your screening and round one interview. This is kind of round one interview done because the way you saw the questions and the follow ups are all like a subject matter. You have you can further and say based on the completion, I am going to short list this person, you can short list this individual and this information can be sent to the hiring manager along with a detailed report. Right. So you can download the entire sheet or individual reports. So basically what happens the next round, the hiring manager has a detailed report of what happened with this individual, what kind of questions were asked, what did the answer or if they don't want to go through every single thing, they can just read the summary, as simple as the summary that is available on the report. Saying, okay, how did this guy do? Right. What did the exactly lack? What are they good? Right. All of that is available directly on the platform. Yes. So there are two ways. Like you can see there are a lot of people in progress. The system allows total two attempts. First time I come, if I don't complete, I have one more attempt to come back and do it so we can send few reminders and some people would actually end up completing. It also did. It will stay in progress, right, because you have not answered all the questions. Now there are again couple of options. If you want that if somebody has not completed their answers within 48 hours of opening this, force an end saying your interview has ended and based on whatever they have answered, we can score them as well. But it will always end up being a very low score because they have not completed it. So this is where, and probably let me just